Adds adikteev churn prediction integration (#7315)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/analytics/adikteev.md

---
nav_title: Adikteev
article_title: Adikteev Churn Prediction
description: "This reference article outlines the partnership between Braze and Adikteev, a user retention engine combining churn prediction with full service app retargeting"
alias: /partners/adikteev/
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner

---

# Adikteev Churn Prediction

> > [Adikteev](https://www.adikteev.com/churn-prediction), is a user retention engine combining churn prediction with full service app retargeting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Adikteev](https://www.adikteev.com/churn-prediction) is a user retention engine combining churn prediction with full service app retargeting. 
```

> The Braze and Adikteev integration allows you to boost user retention, by leveraging Adikteev's churn prediction technology within Braze CRM campaigns to target high-risk user segments in priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze and Adikteev integration allows you to boost user retention by leveraging Adikteev's churn prediction technology within Braze CRM campaigns to target high-risk user segments in priority.
```

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Adikteev account | An Adikteev account is required to take advantage of this partnership. |

> | Braze REST API key | A Braze REST API key with the permission **users.track**.<br><br> This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings** > **APIs and Identifiers**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Braze REST API key | A Braze REST API key with the permission `users.track`. <br><br> This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings** > **APIs and Identifiers**. |
```

![A screenshot showing an example of how to use a custom attribute sent by Adikteev as an audience segment filter.]({% image_buster /assets/img/adikteev/audience.png %})
{% endtab %}
{% tab Message targeting %}
Customization of your Braze messaging campaigns based on the churn risk of the recipients.

![A screenshot showing an exampe of how to use a custom attribute sent by Adikteev as a campaign targeting filter.]({% image_buster /assets/img/adikteev/campaign.png %})
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Integration

### Step 1: Share the event stream of your app

To start running churn prediction on your app audience, Adikteev will need you to turn on event postbacks from your mobile measurement platform. Follow the guidelines on [Adikteev support website](https://help.adikteev.com/hc/en-us/sections/8185123408914-Data-stream-activation) to set this up.

### Step 2: Create your Braze REST API Key

In Braze, navigate to **Settings** > **APIs and Identifiers**. Select **Create New API Key**, enter the API Key Name of your choosing and make sure that the following permission is added:

- `users.track`

### Step 3: Provide information to the Adikteev team

> To complete the integration, you must provide your REST API key and REST endpoint URL to your Adikteev account manager. Adikteev will then establish the connection and reach out to you after the setup is complete in order to validate the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete the integration, you must provide your REST API key and REST endpoint URL to your Adikteev account manager. Adikteev will establish the connection and contact you after the setup is complete to validate the integration.
```
